# DCTreeMap

The following repository is for some of the key data, migration scripts, and issue tracking for DCTreeMap.  DCTreeMap is a project to take official tree data from Washington DC's District Department of Transportation (DDOT) Urban Forestry Adminstration (UFA) -- available on DC's open data portal -- and available data from awesome non-profit Casey Trees, merge them, and combine them into Azavea's OpenTreeMap platform. OTM brings a lot of value to this data in calculating the energy and resource savings of DC's urban canopy and we're trying to get a beta put together to seek some sponsorship to get it online.  (And, no, we don't work for Azavea or benefit financially from this website.)

As we are planning to use the Azavea's hosted version of this platform, the OTM platform code is not under this repository.  Azavea does offer this platform [as FOSS](https://github.com/OpenTreeMap/OpenTreeMap), including (and recommended) [a Vagrant version for easier self installation](https://github.com/OpenTreeMap/OTM2). We are not using the self-hosted version as it does not include some of the convenience features like bulk imports.

If you'd like to get involved, please send a note to rrbaker [at] gmail [dot] com and check out the issue tracker in this repository. There's some technical nice-to-haves as well as non-technical contributions that would go a long way in helping to find funding to officially launch this project soon.  We need about $13k in just the hosting fees to make it public so your efforts here are appreciated!
